warning: fields visible block (#38)
avo-hq/avodocs: docs/2.0/field-options.md

So now, instead of relying on a request object unavailable at boot time, you can pass it a lambda function that will be executed on request time with all the required information.

> :::warning  Since 2.30.2
> On form submissions, visible block is evaluating before assigning the attributes to model, for that reason `resource.model` can be `nil` sometimes.
> 
> ```ruby
> # resource.model is nil when submitting form on resource creation
> visible -> (resource: ) { resource.model }
> ```
> 
> More information [here.](./upgrade#upgrade-from-2-30-1-to-2-30-2)
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning  Since 2.30.2
On form submissions, the `visible` block is evaluated in the `create` and `update` controller actions. That's why you have to check if the `resource.model` object is present before trying to use it.

```ruby
# `resource.model` is nil when submitting the form on resource creation
field :name, as: :text, visible -> (resource: ) { resource.model.enabled? }

# Do this instead
field :name, as: :text, visible -> (resource: ) { resource.model&.enabled? }
```
:::
```
